Hello dear ever piece I'm counting to the Tec pros and in this video
is again your cooperation asked and that is about the defective batteries
to be exact it is about the batteries the standard MacBook or MacBook Pro installed
are
I have the fullest with the question of how the state should
if I tell you a bit about the history of the battery
which is installed in these Mac Books or MacBook Pros
Last year he had a great change and that has happened
Apple determined
Away from the battery which the user himself can take us to the APO
Gene Munster and no longer able to expand itself so the permanently installed
suspicion
Apple has opted for this step
because
this can increase the battery performance
You have to imagine a park and you can expand yourself, you need
still
special mechanisms that are easy for the user
yes, there are not any more records yet rugged it does
This is not easy, so it is of course still
easy
it would have gone that step
and now has more space
to use
and more space for the battery yesterday size simply and thereby keeps the
Countries in two different ways
get longer once
that means he has
Dr there are more charging cycles man creates more charge cycles from the course
rest on Apple Dieter breaks
which is supposed to be three times as many cycles as a normal one
Notebook Baku out
probably contribute
After these thousand cycles, Apple says you have to learn to buy a new battery
the other thing is that it is bigger than the other bigger one
Capacity and you can work with it longer Apple gives it
seven hours on moderate internet surfing and
Anna r medium brightness
those are the benefits now but to actual video question to you what
for a battery, the built-in Mac Book also has the old or snow
new permanently installed
how many charging cycles does it have and how does it look with your battery?
from and we the house with you at the side short and although there is the sport at home
Picture will if you know otherwise a Reiner Lenz certainly already fights that
is very helpful as the nano one can not only check the battery here
but also a lot of other things for example C major utilization which
Processes are in progress and how much CPU will continue to eat us
but much more important for us now is here
SID battery
and mine counts here
I have 18 60 Dozic already loaded behind me
and my AKU health so my battery keeps up with Red
3 90 percent
how is it with you that my question will sell you
and
I am now from intec professionals I wish you still unsightly western
Sunday and I'm out 2 actually going on
Tomorrow we have s
dpa
percent